---
this is the best place to start ...
---
i remember

Ri enters the room
"I am in Love"

She flops on the low couch
in front of the picture window
a picture of ... the Knot ...
silent and bright

        "in Love?"
i know Her better than any0ne
      "... Who exactly are You in Love with?"

She sighs
"An artist ... named Nu"

i have never seen Her quite this way
but i can tell She wants me to ask the probing questions

        "And how did You meet Nu?"
  i ask, with a faked mechanical tone,

She sits up and looks at me
"We have never met."
  She waits for my quizzical  l00k to burn in
"I just learned about Her today."

another long pause

"The new installation in the lobby of the Tower,
it has ... Astonishing Mathematical Properties.
I looked up the Artist and ..."

  i nod vigorously
  these pauses are inefficient

"... and i spent twelve hours obsessing over Her."

a swipe of Her hand brings up a hologram between Us
    A live view of the Tower lobby
    and in the center, hanging in space, a sculpture
    composed of Glass Beads

  i raise an eyebrow
  the Glass Beads glitter like stars
  the hologram so vibrant it seems tangible
      i need to tell myself that it is just a projection of the Real

"Do You see? The Sequences?"
She points, "Here ... Here ... Here ..."

  and i nod, seeing the Sequences,
  but i Know i dont see them with the Clarity Ri does

She proceeds to flip through other sculptures,
some of Glass Beads, others of Glass Ribbons
all woven into elaborate elegant forms

She pauses occassionally before pointing out
more mathematical sequences pausing
then flipping backward to some other sculpture
emphasizing continued Sequences
    mirrored Sequences
        and 0ther Transformations of Sequences

i cannot remember how i eventually get Her
to eat some food, brush Her teeth, and go to sleep

but this is not so uncommon
She is a Genius ... More Exactly my Genius ...
i am Her brother, and the 0nly 0ne Who seems capable
of translating Her Genius

We work together at the Academy
but for Us it is more Play than work
because We are given free range to explore
the Mathematics of Yi 

  the Force that Transforms all Things

And Ri, living in Her Mind, existing in Higher Dimensional Branes
and me, doing my best to keep up with Her
together We solve the hardest Guild problems
as Children Solving Jigsaw Puzzles

so it is Quite normal for Ri to forget
   -- forget to eat or drink or sleep or clean Herself --
but She doesnt fuss or object when i remind Her
that is Our relationship

and in this moment
in Her days [daze?] of frenzied Wild Hair
She is hatching a plan to capture the Heart of This Nu, this New Muse

and i find it rather Amusing and Astonishing to See
Ri -- transfixed with the Idea of any0ne 0ther than Math --

until -- "I made a Date!"
She announces

                "What?"
        i am stunned -- i am Her Social Secretary --
        She is always too busy with Ideas to bother with such Things
                "-- A Date?"

Loving Her long pause -- She stares back at me
eventually nodding --
"Yep! -- This Fiveday!"


        i raise an eyebrow and nod my approval back

She rushes me -- pleading -- "You HAVE TO Help Me!"
I have no Idea What to Wear What to do What to Say --"
She breaks down into a babble of anxieties

i am not skilled in arts of seduction or social engagement
but i know i am Her best path to a Pygmalion Transformation



:w

